(man on television)
'Welcome back to Life Beat,
and today's topic.'
'Meat equals death.'
'By the time the average
meat eater in America dies'
'usually before his or her time,
their body contains ten pounds'
'of undigested meat.'
'Vegetarians,
however live longer'
'and better looking lives.'
'Joining us is Minerva Boom'
'a vegetarian who just
celebrated her 75th birthday'
'by running
the New York marathon.'
Look at old girl run.
That little kick.
(Minerva Boom on television)
'My girlfriends laughed
when I stopped eating meat.'
'But I visited
their graves yesterday.'
[audience laughing]
'And from the bottom
of my healthy heart..'
Well, God bless her.
(man on television)
'Now, let's meet Doug.'
'Minerva's 25 year old
personal trainer'
'and fiance.'
That is it!
No more meat
in my diet. Mm‐mm.
What are you watchin'?
A talk show on
the dangers of eating meat.
Did you know that when you die
you'll have ten pounds
of undigested meat in your body?
Well, I guess,
I won't die hungry then.
Come on, let's hit the beef bar
and get us some burgers.
Why don't you two put a gun to
your head and pull the trigger?
So, I guess, you're stayin'?
I refuse to kill myself
slowly with those
are to be clogging poisons.
Bring me some curly fries!
♪ We are living single ♪
♪ Oh in a 90's kind of world
I'm glad I've got my girls ♪
♪ Keep ya head up ♪
♪ What? ♪
♪ That's right ♪
♪ Whenever this life
gets tough you gotta fight ♪
♪ With my home girl standin'
to my left and my right ♪
♪ True blue
it's tight like glue ♪
♪ We are living single ♪
[humming]
No, I don't think
you understand.
My baby sister's
on that flight
and I need to know exactly
what time she's due here?
Well, can you at least tell me
what movie they're showin'?
Uh, hello? Hello?
Excuse me, but this is
a hand‐painted faux
tortoise shell parsons table.
Makes a nice footrest too.
I'd like to announce,
I'm now an expert
on Ohio, the Buckeye State.
I bet you didn't know
buckeye is a nut like seed
from the horse chestnut variety.
Synclaire, there's a reason
why that's a little known fact.
Nobody cares!
When Overton's sister gets here,
I wanna make a good impression.
Then put the book down.
Look, just stop naggin' me
about the damn meat now.
Yo, Obie, you rushed us up,
where's you sister?
Oh, she'll be here
in about two hours.
I just didn't
want y'all to be late.
I mean, you know
how you ladies are.
Two hours?
You only have 45 minutes
worth of snacks here.
I can't for you ladies
to meet my sister Olivia.
You're gonna love her.
She's beautiful, intelligent
yet sensitive and innocent.
basically,
a female version of me.
Is she bald?
You know, I haven't seen
Olivia for years
but I remember her being
a scrawny, little kid
always following us around.
Well, she couldn't
help herself, she idolized me.
Called me,
Obie‐walk‐o‐nobie.
[knocks on door]
[knocking on door]
Uh, Olivia?
‐ Livie!
‐ Obie!
Olivia.
So, what you
doin' here so early?
And with 'em
tight pants on?
You know, mom and dad.
We were at the airport
four hours early.
So, when dad and his tool belt
got stuck at the metal detector
I hopped on an earlier flight.
Hello, Olivia.
How are things in Cleveland,
home of the Plain Dealer
circulation 3,45,000?
‐ You must be Synclaire.
‐ Yes.
I told you that research
will pay off, I'm in.
Oh, and you must be Regine.
That's a very classy
on samba, girl.
What? Uh, uh‐oh..
Girl, this is just
somethin' I through together.
[laughter]
Yes, looks real nice
with payless shoes.
Max?
I'm Khadijah.
What have you heard about me?
That you're a lot calmer
now that you've got a man.
And, uh, that you should
give Synclaire A's.
I'm calmer...but I ain't crazy.
Hey, Kyle. Check you out,
tryin' to grow a goatee.
Oh, well, check you out.
Tryin' to grow into a woman.
Not just a woman, a botanist.
Oh, I'm very impressed.
Perhaps you can tell us
how we can save our phycus.
[laughing]
It's plastic, dusty.
Hey, y'all, I got everything
we need for the Obie special.
We got the smoked turkey.
We got provolone.
‐ We got peanut butter.
‐ Chunky style.
Mm, that's right.
Alfalfa sprouts,
mayonnaise, corn chips.
All on a Sourdough bun.
But wait a minute...
something's missing.
‐ M&Ms.
Left 'em upstairs,
I'll be right back.
So, Olivia, Obie
and I thought you might like
to visit the botanical gardens
this afternoon.
‐ Sounds like a plan.
‐ Wait, wait, wait, hold on.
I thought you hated
the botanical gardens.
Remember, the last time
you went there you came back
with that rash,
the doctors couldn't identify.
Then there was those berries,
you had no business eating.
Excuse me, I'm trying
to bond here, okay?
H‐hey.
So, tell me. Was Kyle as much
of a dork then as he is now?
Actually, Kyle
was very cool.
Thank you.
Oh, he had it goin' on.
He even had his own singin'
group. It was called Water.
(Kyle)
'Yeah.'
We were the missing element
from Earth, wind and fire.
They used to win
all the local challenge shows
and Overton wanted to be
in that group so bad
but Kyle wouldn't let him.
Because the man
couldn't harmonize.
But because he was my boy
I let him be part of
the Water experience.
That's right.
At the end of the show Overton
would wrap a red velvet cape
around Kyle's shoulders
and help him off stage.
[laughter]
Oh, my God. The red velvet cape.
My God, you were super dork.
Tofu!
That's how my new
trademark greeting. Like it?
(all)
No.
Ew, how can you eat that?
Don't you realize
that a meat diet accelerates
the aging process?
And it inflates that hidden tire
around your mid‐section.
Regine, we cannot store fat
in our heads like you.
You know, I dated a vegetarian
once and he was always sick.
Of course he removed
asbestos but...still.
Hey, Regine, where's that half
a pot roast we had in there?
I threw it away
along with rest of the meat
but I'm replacing it
with cleansing wheatgrass.
Oh! Oh, hell no.
Uh‐uh!
You did not just throw away
the turkey sausage?
You'll thank me
when you're toxin free.
I'll thank you when there's
dead turkey in this freezer.
What is that?
Delicious. A sip of this,
it'll change your life.
What? It's a wheatgrass
and cabbage whip.
I bet $5 she don't
make it to bathroom.
Alright, let's go.
Obie special tasted
a lot better when I was ten.
Now, he still has to
put the M&Ms on them.
Yeah, he's probably upstairs
picking out the cracked ones.
He don't want me
to scrape my tongue.
He still dotes on you
after all these years.
Tell me about it.
This morning he wakes me with
a floss bowl in his hand saying
"Wake up, Livie.
It's tooth time."
Now, you cannot blame a man
for wanting to protect
a smile like that.
So, Kyle, do you
have someone special
that takes care of you that way?
‐ No, not really.
‐ No girlfriend?
A‐ha! Well, I'm still
exploring the possibilities.
Hm, that sounds like fun.
O‐Overton.
Hey, Livie, sorry,
it took me so long but..
..the water valve broke and
damn near flooded the basement.
I gotta get a couple of 'em
three quarter inch reducers.
Mm‐mm, mm‐mm, for a job that
size maybe you should use
a two and a half inch
reducing T instead.
Mm, dad would be so proud.
But you know this means
I can't go with you
to botanical gardens, right?
Oh, that's alright,
I'll just, um..
...catch a flick
or somethin' with Kyle.
That okay with you, shorty?
If it's okay
with you, it's okay with me.
‐ Give me that.
‐ Good. Then it's settled.
Obie, stop.
Alright. Well, here's
some money for some snacks.
Now, make sure
she doesn't get any caramel
'cause it's bad for her teeth.
No. When I suggested we go
to Washington Square Park
to play chess with the pro's
I thought I was gonna be
the one impressing you.
Hey, I was a big time chess
champion two years running.
You whacked out the board with
that snout nose eight year old.
Hey, anyway,
that wad of money was on.
Ha ha ha ha.
Hey, get off my lil' sister.
Overton, I can't
believe you did this.
I can't believe
y'all doing that.
‐ Kyle, are you okay?
‐ Italian suede jacket.
‐ Sorry, man, but I saw you‐‐
‐ Mm‐mm, raw silk pants, man.
Lacey black bra.
I can show my bra if I want.
‐ No, you can't.
‐ Yes, I can.
Not as long as
I'm your brother.
Overton, I'm a grown woman
and I'll not let you
treat me like a child.
Olivia, don't run up those
stairs. Your feet are wet.
You might slip and fall!
Okay, everything's going
accordin' to the plan we got.
Everything we need
to torture Regine.
Okay, we got the ribs,
the steaks, the chicken
the hot links.
No potato salad?
Regine must be stopped.
That mean this barbeque
has to be meat and meat only.
No coleslaw?
No! No.
This is payback...for Regine
throwin' away all the good food
and replacin' it
with plant life.
No butterbeans?
Synclaire, there are
no side dishes. Just meat.
Oh, I get it.
Okay.
Hey, la..
[sneezes]
You've got a cold?
I can't believe
Overton did this.
Oh, that's my
own fault, really.
Sitting around soaking in
my fine wet clothing.
Okay, y'all, Obie's barbeque pit
is open for business.
Well, let the meat fest begin.
Uh, Livie,
that's your second beer.
Obie, my first was last night
and would you get off my case?
Look here, when you're
in my care, you follow my rules.
‐ Well, you can kiss my butt.
‐ Oh, no.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
no fighting.
We're all a big family here.
Now, let's all just apologize.
Apologizing isn't gonna
make it any better.
He apologized to Kyle yesterday
and he's still a wreck.
Aren't you, Kyle?
Look, take note.
I'm just sittin' here.
A little lower.
‐ Livie, what are you doin'?
‐ Relaxing Kyle.
Poor, baby, mm‐hmm.
Olivia Imogene Jones,
stop that!
What are you gonna do,
pour barbeque sauce on us?
Alright, alright,
alright alright.
Enough, enough,
enough. Look.
Overton, man,
you're my best friend, alright?
Olivia, you have
the hands of magic.
But I'm not gonna be
caught in the middle
simply 'cause you wanna
prove something to him
and you wanna
control her. No, no.
You know, my mother always
told me, you Jones' was crazy.
I never thought I'd say this,
but I'd rather be in Cleveland!
(Olivia)
'Ugh!'
Well, who wouldn't.
It's got more parts per square
mile than any other urban area.
(all)
'Shut her up.'
Wow, I just came up
to check on you.
I had no idea
you're planning to leave.
I don't even know where I'm
going, I wanna get outta here.
I understand what
you're going through, Olivia.
Overton can be so annoying.
I don't blame you‐‐
I'm not the little girl he
used to take to the playground.
Certainly not‐‐
When we played in the sandbox,
he'd sift the sand to make sure
there were no pointy rocks.
And you know what else? He built
guard rails on the slide
to keep me from falling off.
But you know, he comes
from a good place.
Who care where he comes from?
He's still annoying.
If you think he's such a pain
then why'd you bother
come visit him
in the first place?
Uh, I was gettin'
on my parents nerves, too.
But you've got to admit,
that if you didn't love him
you wouldn't
get this mad at him.
Sometimes I get so mad
at Overton I just wanna
shake him, and kick him and lock
and lock him in the basement
but it's at those moments I know
how deep my love for him runs.
Wow, you really do care
about him, don't you?
And I think you do too.
So, are you stayin'?
I guess I have to, I can't seem
to pack with you around.
Ha‐ha, Regine, join us,
there's plenty for everyone.
Yeah, we got chicken,
beef ribs, beef tips
beef fries, just plain beef
and I don't know what this is
but it's some kinda meat.
Nothing for me?
Regine, now don't
take this personally.
Because we looked everywhere
and I mean everywhere..
...for somethin'
for you...to eat.
But we just
couldn't find anything.
Well, I'll just be right back
with my‐my‐my‐my
summer squash
and my oatmeal loaf..
Damn, she didn't break.
Give her time.
So, I guess Max ate all
the hot links already, huh?
I shouldn't be surprised.
There're no bones
to slow her down.
Hey, uh, saved you
a little somethin', shorty.
A peace offering.
Thanks, man.
Um, look, I just wanna say
I'm sorry about
this whole Olivia thing.
I guess, I did get
a little crazy.
Well, I would've done
the same thing if I was you
but in your case,
I'd have only ruined
about $40 worth of clothes.
Hey, I just don't know
what's gotten into her.
Overton, she's a young woman,
man. She's just testing limits.
No, she never used
to be like that.
I mean, why she gotta be so
different? I haven't changed.
Maybe that's the problem.
Well, maybe you need
to give me back my hot link.
Thanks, Kyle.
You people thought
that you cleared out
all of my health food, well..
...you missed something. Ah!
So, grill it up, Obie, and don't
you be stingy with the sauce.
So, Olivia..
...Cleveland is supposed to be
the city of brotherly love.
Oh, no, wait.
Now, that's Philly.
Anyway, go talk
to your brother. Go, go, go.
I really like Synclaire.
Yeah, well,
she's really likeable.
You know, you look a lot
like dad working this grill.
Except you're not setting
that side of the house on fire.
Yeah, dad always was a might
generous with a lighter fluid
[chuckles]
I see you're in a better mood.
Yeah. I figured
I'd hang out a while
spend time
with my big brother.
See if I could make out with
a few more of your friends.
Yeah, ha‐ha.
Well, I know
a couple of firemen
they're used to
being hit by water.
Overton, you know, there's
a lot you don't know about me.
I mean,
I'm a practicing Buddhist.
‐ Really?
‐ Yeah.
And Kyle was not
the first guy I've kissed.
In fact, I've kissed
and dated a lot of guys.
Yusuf, the boxer.
‐ Danny, the masseur.
‐ Oh.
Robert, the gynecologist.
Ooh!
Alright, alright.
Fine, I get your point.
Your love life
is your business. Fine.
Not just my love life, my life.
Hey, I hear you, but you're
still my little sister.
No matter how old you get,
that's not gonna change.
Best thing I can do
is just try.
You know, see, you got
a little sauce right there.
Can you get that for me?
Damn, girl, how many holes
you got in your ear?
La‐la‐la.
Mm. Perfect.
O‐oh! Mm!
Scrumptious.
So good and so good for me.
Regine, would you like
a bite of my hamburger?
No, no.
I want to eat
the whole thing.
Put the hamburger down,
put your hands in your pocket
and nobody gets hurt.
Regine, you're not gonna
get away with this.
Khadijah, put them ribs in here.
Now!
Max..
...hot links
Careful.
Regine, this is
going too far.
We're just trying
to make a point.
I'm saying, look,
Regine, why don't‐‐
Shut up and get away
from that table.
I'm gonna eat everything now.
Don't look at me.
I can't do it,
I promised myself
and I gotta stick
to my principles.
I wanna die young like you all.
I guess,
you're serious, huh?
I thought, this was another
one of your little wimps.
Like the time you waved
that crystal over your food
to dissolve the fat.
Hey, it worked for Liz Taylor.
Well, if you don't wanna eat
meat I can respect that
but don't tell us
how to live.
You're right.
Besides, if I can't change
the way you people dress
I'll never change
the way y'all eat.
Right.
Fire's gettin' a little low.
Just give it a little kick.
Oh, my..
Ah, I'm sick of eating meat.
See, Max. Some part of you wants
to become a vegetarian too.
Please, I just need a little
dessert to cope my stomach.
Where's that cheese cake
you hid? I‐I'm gonna get it.
I swear, she's got a tapeworm.
Oh, my..
[laughing]
Goodnight, everyone.
God bless.